 You need to count to five. EOS One, two, three, four, five. EOS And
Veronica . EOS go on, it’s gonna be horrible this EOS Go on! EOS One,
two, three, four, five. EOS Yeah that’s fine, okay off you go EOS
Okay. EOS Er were there lots of kids with you when you were playing
up? Playing up, growing up EOS Er not partic- not particularly cos I
lived like down one of the back streets, so I think there was about
six kids on our road and they were all different ages but we all still
played together. EOS Oh that’s- that’s nice EOS what was the best or
funniest memory from when you were young? EOS Erm funniest? I can’t
think of a funny time EOS Erm oh when me and and like they were my
best friends when I was really young and we were having a sleep over
at mine. It’s not gonna sound funny now EOS but erm having a sleepover
at mine and I used to have big glass doors going into the
conservatory. EOS yeah EOS And we pulled the curtains across while
went upstairs and closed the doors and erm she was running away from
something and ran straight into the doors EOS oh no EOS and onto the
floor it was very funny at the time EOS What was yours erm funniest
childhood memory then? EOS I don’t think erm- I don’t remem- remember
having much memories of when I was a kid actually. EOS I genuinely
don’t, I think I took too many knocks on my head when I was younger
EOS aww E: I think one of the best ones is that- Mum told me the other
day, it was when she used to go down to spa at she used to put me in
my little trike, and I used to- she said I used to just cycle along
like this, going crazy with the li- the shopping in the front basket,
EOS aww EOS just going, peddling and peddling and peddling. I used to
think I was superman **inc** EOS So fast going everywhere, used to run
everywhere. EOS yeah EOS How many sis- how many brothers and sisters
do you have, do you get- EOS Er two sisters. EOS Do you get along? EOS
no. EOS No . EOS Well we do at times like we have our moments. We love
each other on days and hate each other on other days. EOS Just cos we
share a room I think it gets a bit intense at times. EOS yeah EOS It’s
not too bad though is it? You just argue a hell of a lot EOS and
you’re all stubborn, it’s well annoying EOS What funny things are
there to do in your community? Not funny, fun EOS What- what did you
say? There’s not a lot to do but now like we’ve all got a bit older
and we can all start driving and stuff, we can obviously go further
away and there’s obviously quite a lot of things to do. Bit of golf
when it gets a bit boring. EOS But no-one- no-one ever goes down with
me EOS You’re obsessed now with the driving range EOS There’s football
and stuff but whatever floats your boat really. I’m easily entertained
I think. Erm are you going on holiday this year? EOS Yeah with you !
EOS where are you going? EOS We’re going erm, to Catalonia in Greece.
EOS Catalonia. EOS yeah EOS yeah EOS What, isn’t it Catalonia? EOS
Yeah. EOS What’s it called? EOS You said Cat- you said Catalonia. EOS
Catalonia. EOS It’s Catalonia, just- carry on! EOS anyway we’re going
Catalonia, EOS ruining it EOS on Tuesday for a week. EOS Erm it’s got
like the blue lagoon and stuff and nice beaches and turtle beaches.
EOS very nice EOS Hopefully it’ll be good weather for us. EOS Yeah.
EOS It’s ninety at the minute. EOS wow EOS Ooh- ooh, can’t wait! Er
what extra activities did you get involved in at school? EOS Erm
trampolining at . Er we did- that’s all I ever did trampolining and
dance EOS were you a boring kid when you were growing up? EOS I wasn’t
boring I was just er had other things to do. EOS Such as? EOS shut up!
EOS No you say something you got to elaborate on it. EOS What extra
curricular activities did you do? EOS Erm, depends at primary school
there wasn’t much to do so I just did erm, played a bit of- dabbled in
a bit of rounders and EOS ooh EOS and then realised it’s for girls and
then started playing football more. And then mum used to drive me to
swimming every week and like that EOS Didn’t she used to make you go
for runs? EOS That was later on, EOS when she thought I was putting on
a bit EOS Bit of a slave-driver EOS What kind of games did you play as
a kid? EOS Erm it depends where we went really, like at school there
was always bulldog and stuff,. EOS I love bulldog? EOS and football
and catch EOS pretty boring things tig what about you? EOS erm, tig,
but some people call it tag EOS yeah EOS But I call it tig. Erm
hopscotch, skipping erm British bulldog erm, rounders, hide and seek
EOS Hide and seek? EOS Yes I played hide and seek, all- EOS in a
square playground EOS it doesn’t ask what you played at school. EOS
Ooh, oh right. . EOS Erm what was the one where you had to get back to
a place? Like you were on two teams and one team had to catch you
before you got back to-. EOS Manhunt. EOS Manhunt. And that’s around
it really. EOS Ah that’s good then EOS What do you remember from your
first day at secondary school? EOS Erm-. EOS Or grammar whichever one.
EOS On the first day of grammar I was like on the verge of having a
panic attack, I was so nervous! EOS really? EOS I was feeling really
sick and like cos I’d like never been with boys before like, EOS I
hadn’t been with boys for like five years cos I went to an all girl’s
school. Erm so it was just like really weird to go into a different
environment of like a mixed school. EOS mm EOS So I was nervous. EOS
oh, it wasn’t that bad though, was it? EOS Oh and fainted EOS really?
EOS in assembly and I had to hold her up against the wall. EOS Why?
Just- EOS Erm, I don’t know it was the very first day of assembly and
like we all line up around the walls. Erm she just fainted in the
middle of it. And I was having to hold her up cos I didn’t know what
to do, it was awful. I think I cried a bit. EOS cos she was my only
friend and she’d fainted, it was awful. EOS How would you describe erm
the local people? EOS Local people? EOS Yeah, you know, like EOS Well,
from where I live it’s quite rough at the end of my road. But on my
street itself it’s quite peaceful and nice. Erm friendly, everyone
says hello to each other like, known them all our lives really. Erm
but at the other end of the road-. EOS The dark side of the road. EOS
It’s a bit different . EOS Come to the dark side! EOS No it’s scary at
the other end of the road. EOS Like when you walk past, like they
don’t look at you, they don’t like give you that little smile that
other strangers might do, it’s weird. EOS Oh right, okay, did- EOS mm
EOS did you ever go caravanning when you were a kid or camping? EOS I
used to go camping, yeah and we used to travel France. EOS oh, **inc**
EOS Erm camp- going Eurocamp with the family. But never really did
caravanning. Didn’t you? EOS Yeah we were hardcore caravanners EOS We
were! I remember the first one we went to, we went to Dorset and erm,
in the middle of the night, this dog started barking on the campsite
EOS oh no EOS and we looked out the window and there was erm- the ca-
caravan opposite was on fire cos so- EOS Are you joking? EOS No
someone had a chip pan and they had a fire and they put the wrong
blanket over and it just went, ‘.’ EOS oh no EOS Up in smoke and the
a- the awning was going crazy and the guy was out but-. EOS Did the
fire brigade come? EOS Yeah they did, obviously cos it was a fire EOS
oh, no necessarily, it could have been a small one. EOS No it was
really good one, it was a good holiday that actually, we went erm on
fossil beach. Not fossil beach it’s like a beach with all like erm
clay, EOS mm EOS sandstone walls EOS and erm it had like, what are
they called? The little snail things that they had. EOS Your fossils.
EOS yeah EOS Dinosaurs, the little- what are they called? EOS Fossils
EOS No they’re n- they’re animals I’m trying to think what they’re
actually called. Oh it doesn’t matter. EOS wossils EOS Wossils . EOS
Did you move house at all when you were younger? What memories do you
have of this? EOS Erm I did move house when I was younger cos I was
born in Salford and- but I- I think I moved when I was about two so I
don’t really remember much of it. EOS mm EOS But we had some- I
remember showing you some videos of when I was younger as a kid at .
EOS And mum used to have this- it used to have towers of pots that
stacked up on top of each other. And we used to have a chair in the-
like in the corner of the room and Dad used to push the- this old pot
thing and it used to roll round the chair. And I used to be amazed by
it and he must’ve been doing it for about half an hour, I was like,
just watching it go round and round, EOS aww EOS I was amazed.
Couldn’t get my hands on it I was just like, ‘no!’ Have you ever moved
house at all? EOS Er yeah we moved from twenty two to fourteen, just
down the road, erm, cos the new hou- for like- tw- like from twenty
two and onwards they’d already been built, and the house we moved into
was erm had been like a new build. Erm so my mum was pregnant so we
had to move into a bigger house. Erm I loved the old house I remember-
I just remember having like erm a little tea set with erm little red
love hearts on, erm and I remember had- shut up EOS I didn’t say
anything EOS We had erm- in the old house we had like, what’s it
called? Cement, and we just moved in at the very start. EOS And the
cats walked through it so we wrote EOS aww EOS and in the cement and
we had like a special personalised gate, which had on the top cos that
was my dad’s football team and erm the cat’s name, but I only just got
that back like this year from my dad cos we left it there when we
moved house. It was really good. EOS aww EOS nice, erm what th- what
things- no, what local events do you think it’s important people know
about in your town? EOS you know, the us- usual stuff that goes on,
you know like markets and stuff. EOS Erm EOS we have some erm- what
are they called, car boot sales that we used to have in like a little
town hall. EOS That was good that brought the community together. Er I
don’t really understand the question I don’t think. EOS We have the
May fair. And you get the May fair queen and my little sister was the
queen one year. EOS aww EOS And you have to wear- and there’s like
floats and stuff, that go down. EOS Oh like down and stuff? EOS Yeah.
EOS I’m sure my cousin’s **inc**. EOS What about you? EOS Erm there’s
none really round here, is there? Th- the- did the- EOS g- g- EOS oh,
there’s the s- skiing thing EOS that’s happening at the chill factor
and it’s quite a erm big place. EOS Trains . EOS Oh and yeah obviously
we have Chassen Park round the corner. EOS And erm I think it’s every
Sunday they have erm the little toy trains that go out. EOS steam
train- Steam trains EOS The steam trains and people jump on them and
they go round. And I always think with United being so close, I think
it’s good when events go on there. Because it’s big and it gets a lot
of people **inc** . EOS I don’t know what you’re talking about EOS I
don’t think that answers the question but okay. EOS Do you have to
help out around the house a lot, or not? EOS Yeah I do. . EOS You’re
made to do it though aren’t you? EOS Oh, we’re made to do it you have
to do like the mopping the sweeping, the- helping out with the
cooking, which I don’t mind cos I like that. Then we have to do the
pots every night and make our own beds, Mum doesn’t do our room any
more, unlike some. EOS My mum loves me! Feral child. EOS my mum loves
me erm, but like we all get spends for doing different chores. EOS
yeah EOS so it was good EOS I used to get spends but she stopped that
when I moved out, EOS like, ‘no you’re not having that any more.’ EOS
How about you do you do chores around the house? EOS No not really, I
think I’m quite lucky in that respect I just sit around doing nothing
EOS and Mum runs round after everybody EOS She always complains about
it though no-one ever makes her do it. She always does it herself.
It’s every Sunday, like when you’re finally- you know when you’re
coming back from half-term and you’re going back to school on the
Sunday she’s stressing out she’s like, ‘oh- oh have you got your
dinner have you got your dinner, have you got your money, have you
cleaned- have you packed your bag, have you packed your bag?’ EOS Aww.
EOS And she gets herself in like a little panic and starts like
getting mad at everybody. EOS It’s like, ‘chill out for a minute!’ EOS
where are your parents from? EOS That’s a good question EOS I don’t
know, I think they both went to erm- both from I think. Yeah Dad used
to live down near , down that way. EOS mm EOS And I don’t know where
my mum used to live. Actually my mum might’ve used to live down near
the cemetery in . And she went to school with erm dad, as well EOS ooh
EOS she was in couple of years below. EOS ooh EOS And I think they
know each other actually. EOS ooh EOS Really? EOS Yeah where are your
mum and dad from? EOS Er I think my dad’s from , I don’t- I’ve never
known him to live anywhere else. Erm and I think my da- mum’s from ,
ish maybe. EOS yeah EOS good on her, good on her, EOS all my family
are from round here though actually. Like my nanna’s from I think. I
think that’s about it, that’s how foreign I am EOS no but- EOS Aren’t
you like half or something? EOS I’m not I’m like, heritage wise like
my Grandma- well my Nanna was , EOS really? EOS my granddad was , my
other grandma was . EOS My granddad was- well is-. EOS English. EOS
He’s- well no he’s half Scottish or Irish, think it’s Scottish, which
is the one that wears kilts. EOS Scotland EOS he’s Scottish then, no
cos we have our own erm, EOS does he just- does he just walk around
wearing a kilt all the time EOS No but we have our own what’s-it-
called, what’s the material the kilt’s made out of? You know that
pattern? EOS Oh yeah. EOS Tartan. EOS Tartan we have our own tartan.
EOS mm EOS We do! EOS **inc** That’s a lie EOS no, it’s not EOS Do you
have any pets at the moment or-? EOS Er yeah I’ve got a dog called ,
full name . EOS No we’ve got and the rabbit, . EOS That just gets like
left out in the cold EOS it doesn’t EOS for no love. EOS You don’t
have any pets do you? EOS No I don’t, I don’t have any middle names or
anything, EOS oh EOS my parents ju- . EOS What’s that got to do with
anything? EOS No, no, no- no, cos like you’ve got- you got- you’ve got
pets and stuff and I just get nothing. And like I remember when I was
growing up I always wanted to have a middle name like. EOS I don’t
know why I just thought it’d be cool to have a different middle name
EOS what’s that got to do with pets? EOS Cos I don’t have- I’m not
allowed any pets and I wasn’t allowed a middle name EOS Oh my god .
EOS That’s how it goes. You’ve got some strange middle names haven’t
you? Isn’t isn’t she? EOS Yeah EOS really? EOS It’s . EOS Cos erm-.
EOS I saw it on her passport the other day I was like, EOS ‘hang on a
sec ?’ EOS She used to get so bullied for it. But not now she just
hates it, and then mine’s and is . So they’re not weird. EOS What’s
that after? EOS . EOS Oh. EOS oh EOS See mine’d be Rory EOS Yeah
thanks for that I don’t even know what my dad’s name was actually, so-
no- EOS Wouldn’t your dad’s name have been the same? And your mum’s
name be different? EOS No my dad’s, dad’s name, EOS that’s not what
you said EOS Granddad’s name. EOS mm EOS Yeah I don’t know what- I
never met them, you see EOS Okay EOS You- you got the chance to meet
them. EOS What was your school like? Did you enjoy school? EOS Which
one? Which one? EOS Primary. EOS Er it was okay, it was just- it was a
bit of a dump to be honest. EOS It was like on the corner of a road
and EOS aww EOS you get all the little scally mums coming with their
kids with big Mac meals in the morning, in MacDonald’s bags, it was
horrible. But it wasn’t too bad, I was glad to get away. All the kids
were idiots as well, y- EOS No you hear stories like all of them, like
there’s one that lives behind me and he’s er he’s nearly been kicked
out of his house a few times. He’s been in trouble with police and
stuff. And just random stuff like that. I was lucky to get away from
it EOS I think, what was yours like? EOS I- I loved it was amazing.
Erm I think it’s changed quite a lot now. But at the time it was just
really good, it had really nice people there, everyone was really
friendly. EOS mm EOS it like- the people there like were of all
different types. EOS Like some were a lot rougher than others but
when- like I didn’t really notice it at such a young age, like I was
friends with anyone and everyone. And I still would be but I didn’t
really notice it, EOS mm EOS but now when you walk past you can see
the difference between EOS yeah EOS some of the kids and it is quite
rough. EOS Yeah I just hated our school cos th- you realise as you get
older, kids just take the mick out of anything. EOS Yeah EOS Like
everything it’s unreal. I remember one day, I w- went into school with
a cold sore on my lip. EOS Urgh. EOS And I was like- yeah they’re
horrible I know, but. And this guy’s going, ‘why’ve you got spaghetti
Bolognese on you?’ EOS I’m like, ‘it’s- it’s in the morning, why would
I be having spaghetti Bolognese in the morning? And it just doesn’t
dry on my lip like that.’ EOS I used to hate it EOS aww EOS But it was
nice when everyone was obviously friendly and stuff but you don’t
realise it when you’re a kid cos you’re so naïve at how stupid people
were EOS I know EOS And how easy it is to get dragged into random
social circles and stuff. EOS mm EOS Like I think I was lucky going to
instead of . EOS yeah EOS yeah. EOS Cos you see all the different- all
the lads that went there it’s- I know they’re not- most of them are
really nice but they’re just more prone to danger not- or not danger
but trouble. EOS yeah EOS How was ? EOS , what’s the question? EOS How
was it? EOS It was good. **inc** EOS there was quite a lot of bullying
but like you kind of just got on with it, like EOS like, no matter
where you go there’s always gonna be people who bully. But at the same
time like you meet loads of good people there, and so long as you get
in the right friendship group, then it was good. EOS mm EOS I went
through about four, but EOS I think we were lucky with bullying at .
EOS yeah EOS It was always EOS yeah, it’s- EOS dead friendly and stuff
and EOS yeah EOS Seem nice. EOS You always thought the ha- they’re
rough people when they didn’t hand their homework in EOS Not hitting
teachers and stuff. ‘oh, you got a detention’ . EOS what is your best
or funniest memory from when you were young? EOS Erm I’m sure you’ve
asked me this one before, but-. EOS No what is your best memory? EOS
I’ll answer it again. EOS Not your funniest. EOS My best memory. Erm I
don’t know, not fr- I can’t remember much of my life, up until like,
after year five EOS I can’t remember anything before that really. But
erm- I- I know this is gonna make me sound sad but I remember when I
was in year five and I got picked to play for the year six football
team, and I was well happy EOS ahh EOS First person to do it through
our school, EOS ahh EOS and I was chuffed with that. I just EOS bless
EOS used to love football so, EOS what was yours? EOS Erm best memory
was probably like when we used to go camping in France, and erm, it
was just like the whole experience. Like when we were driving down,
EOS yeah EOS me and my dad u- well we all used to listen to like th-
all the old school music and I used to sit in the front with my dad,
to try and keep him- like to help him stay awake, and there was a time
whenI don’t know cos I was asleep but I’d- I’d fallen asleep EOS and
songs were still playing but I was still singing with my dad, even
though I was asleep. EOS ahh EOS And like we used to go canoeing a
lot. And then erm it was like, you were going down in your canoe. EOS
And there was a castle on one side, and you just think you’re going
straight, and the next minute you realise the castle’s gone on the
other side and it just used to feel like, proper magical. It was so
good. But the only thing was, every time we used to go, we used to
fight, with my sisters, EOS oh EOS like proper- get into proper
screaming matches, like in this canoe like EOS Just throwing each
other overboard. EOS literally we used to have so many water fights,
and not the good kind. EOS And erm-. EOS But with bad water EOS no,
but no you know like just like playful splash, but this was like,
strangle splash EOS trying to drown each other. EOS But like it kind
of just made it, like when we went a couple of years ago, like I
couldn’t wait to go canoeing again, just to see if it- if it was the
same, it was really good. EOS Did you ever get hurt when you were
fighting in the water? EOS No. We did nearly er- not drown, but get
into quite a bit of danger once, cos me and had been erm dec- we were
in a canoe by ourselves, EOS so we decided to get out, cos it was hot,
and just hold on to the canoe. But somehow we managed to lose the
canoe. EOS So we were just floating in this river going downstream.
EOS And like, there was rapids coming up. And then my dad had to like,
swim over and like drag us to the side, and then we had to catch up
with the other canoe, like later on in the stream. EOS It was pretty
dramatic, but-. EOS Rescue mission hopefully . EOS We never used to do
anything like that. I think I remember for year seven birthday, went
erm rock- abseiling with my uncle. We went tunnelling, EOS ooh EOS
that was the only thing scary. EOS I’d never do that. EOS Tunnelling?
EOS Isn’t that where you go in like, little holes? EOS Yeah it was
pretty scary. EOS No, no I couldn’t do that, claustrophobic. EOS
Although my brother- when we- when we went, came along with us and he
was- dunno how old he was, he must’ve been about eight or something,
he had his- you know those trainers you used to get with lights on,
and we- EOS oh yeah EOS he kept hitting the bottom of his shoes so
they lit up EOS for that split second. So we’d know we were okay. EOS
But other than that it was good. EOS Did you ever get her- hurt- did
you ever get hurt whilst playing when you were a kid? EOS Yeah a few
times, remember once when my dad’s- some guy my dad used to work with,
his kid came round for the day and we used to have one of those
plastic slides in the back. EOS And it used to feel so big when you
were up there, but he’s a little kid who’s younger than me, and he
pushed me over the edge EOS of the top of the slide and I broke my
collar bone. EOS oh my God EOS Did you? Didn’t know that. EOS ooh, EOS
Yeah, sorry EOS thanks EOS really? EOS Yeah EOS didn’t know that EOS
Yeah, and I was in hospital obviously, I was a crip EOS for a few
weeks EOS What do you have to do if you break your collar bone, do you
get like- ? EOS It’s just a sling, you don’t- you’re not even in a
cast, I think it’s just a arm sling. EOS aww EOS I can’t remember
though and I remember when I was learning to ride the bike, I- I- and
I can picture exactly where it is on the street as well, riding my
bike I was going along and all of a sudden I just went- like fell on
my side, EOS and I don’t know why and I hit- hit my head on the tree
and it killed EOS And I remember playing in the back and I tripped
over and I hit my side of me head on the little fence panel thing, the
concrete fence panel on the side of that. EOS Aww. EOS And my friend
got sent home. EOS it’s like, ‘I think you’d best go home now, he’s
hurt.’ He was like, ‘okay.’ I blamed it on him, so- . EOS Did you ever
used to have kids round your house when you were younger? At like
primary school, for tea? EOS Yes. My house was the house to be- EOS to
be at, it was so good like, we always used to have like- like one
night a week me and used to go for each- each other’s house for tea.
And then erm we always used to have Halloween parties. Which used to
like- I think I’d still be scared now EOS like we- we had like the
catflap that goes out to the outside of the house and my dad stuck his
hand out like with the glove on and my dad just like when people were
coming round, ‘I’ve lost my glove, if you notice it, like let me know.
And like just bring it in to the house.’ And then we put erm, nuts or
something down the side of the house, and it was all dark and we were
walking down, and my mum was like, ‘oh these are the cockroaches,
don’t worry about them.’ EOS yeah EOS And like, now it doesn’t sound
scary but like it was and then erm someone went to go grab the glove.
EOS And my dad grabbed her hand and literally I think it was , cried.
EOS It was so awful . And then we had like a hole in the table and my
dad’s head was un- like up through the hole but he had like a
something covering it, so when you went to get your piece of cake or
whatever was meant to be under there, and me Dad’d be like, ‘blar-
aargh!’ EOS with a mask on or something, it was really good. EOS So
erm- we always used to have like birthday parties and have magicians
and stuff over, it was good EOS I remember my birthdays as a kid.
Think- think the one I remember the most we had erm- erm what’s it
called now? Bouncy castle in the back garden EOS right EOS oh yeah EOS
and it absolutely hammered it down that night. EOS And the guy was sat
in his van for about three hours waiting for it to die down, he was
just like this, ‘ahh’ EOS Everyone had gone home already and he was
just there for about three hours after EOS aww EOS Waiting for the
weather to go, it was good. I used to love birth- kid’s birthday
parties. You used to get so many random toys and stuff EOS And the
party bags afterwards, EOS yeah EOS yeah, little bits of cake EOS they
were amazing. You used to always get like little whistles and stuff
and-. EOS Yeah and sweets and stuff. EOS The little ball things. EOS I
remember we used to go and for dessert we always used to get erm
vanilla and strawberry cake- no not cake erm, ice cream EOS and with
erm jelly as well, oh it was horrible but it was so good as a kid, so
much sugar at once EOS did you not have any parties like that? EOS No
EOS I remem- remember once when JJB first opened and you know they had
a little play area there? EOS Yeah EOS oh yeah. EOS And they had the-
the one half of a football pitch and someone had- er someone invited
me to their party there, said they were having it at JJB. So I was
saying to Mum, ‘oh, it’ll be a football party.’ So I had my- had my
whole football kit on, my shin pads and everything. I went there, we
were in the bloody play area, EOS I looked like I’d been padded up for
war rather than for playing tig in the play area. EOS I was running
round with my shin pads on and stuff EOS I was safety proofed. EOS Was
that, was it alphabet zoo? EOS oh, in Sale EOS The one that used to
have the big blue slide. That was like nearly- well felt vertical I
don’t know if it was. EOS Yeah. EOS Oh it was amazing and there was
erm-. EOS You had to get in those sacks didn’t you? EOS Yeah. EOS to
go in it EOS It was so good and you used to have those big like- what
are those like cylinders and you had to squeeze through the two of
them? EOS Oh yeah. EOS And then they used to have one where you used
to have to go through like four but kids used to get stuck in there,
EOS so they had to close it down, like that area. Because like ch- EOS
did they? EOS yeah kids were getting stuck in there. EOS I remember
when- EOS I was always so scared to go through them. EOS I had a
birthday party there and you used to- you always used to sit on there.
And we’ve got a video at home and I had a stiff neck. Oh my gosh! EOS
**inc** EOS no, I couldn’t move, I was at the end of the table like,
‘urgh!’ EOS trying to blow my candles out like ‘’ not moving my neck
at all EOS that’s so funny EOS But when- when they did that they- they
did erm- used to play party games up there as well. EOS mm EOS yeah
EOS And seeing myself dancing as a kid, oh my god it must’ve been so
embarrassing. Like, ‘that’s not my kid there!’ EOS And they used to
get the inflatable slide out for you as well, when we’d all finished
and stuff EOS yeah EOS Yeah so when you finished the party and went
down the slide. EOS bouncing down feeling sick going, ‘argh!’ EOS Food
coming up. I used to- I don’t think I ever went down that blue slide.
Think I was too scared. I think I might’ve b- I think I might’ve been
once. EOS I loved it. EOS It’s like a vertical drop! break my neck or
something EOS it was amazing and you went to the ball pool at the
bottom. EOS Yeah. EOS and do you remember the massive ball pool and
you could like hide underneath. EOS Yeah, and then get stood on. EOS
It was so good. Yeah EOS Oh that’s a risk you’ve got to take when
you’re playing hide and seek. EOS I used to love that I absolutely
used to love it. EOS We should go. EOS I- I miss being a- it’s closed
down EOS Aww EOS Yeah, I miss being a kid when you’re- you see some
stuff and you’re just like- and you see like your toys now and you’re
like, ‘how did I play with them for so long?’ EOS Yeah like Barbies,
like, Oh well maybe not you, but maybe like Ken or something or action
man. EOS well EOS But like literally you’d play for hours. And what do
you do with just a doll? EOS yeah EOS It’s crazy. EOS I remem- yeah-
I- I was biker mice from mars and power rangers, mine were EOS I used
to have a little power rangers doll that my cousin got from erm, I
think it was Russia. EOS And I slept with it for ages EOS and I
remember when I thought, ‘right I’m going into secondary school now’
EOS ‘I need to get rid of it.’ EOS And I remember it used to take me
about an hour to get to sleep without it. EOS aww. EOS aww EOS but it
was horrible, I know EOS bless EOS it’s not as bad as my brother
though, when he was in like year six, he went to the- the bear factory
and got a- a stuffed cat. EOS aww EOS that’s sad, mine was a power
ranger. His was a cat EOS erm describe your least favourite teacher.
EOS Least favourite teacher, oh . EOS yeah EOS Oh my god he was so
annoying he was so patronising. EOS What did he teach? EOS Chemistry,
it was- oh he used to froth at the side of the mouth and everything
EOS ooh. EOS he looks like a rat EOS Like he was really nice if you
wanted to do well but I remember in A- level chemistry, he just
annoyed me. And he was so patronising. Cos I couldn’t do it, I got
into A-level and I thought, ‘yeah I got an A at- in science in gcse.’
EOS then you go into chem.- chemistry doing A-level like going, ‘wait
a minute I don’t actually know anything about science.’ EOS I used to
absolutely hate him. What’s yours? EOS Erm I’ve always got on with all
my teachers, I was a goody two shoes but I remember in erm not erm
there was this really like chubby lady teacher that er had really
dark, curly hair. And erm she was always screaming at all the kids.
And you’d hear her like three rooms down. So you were always EOS you
were always really scared, like to speak to her. And one day I had to
go and like tell her something, I was like sent from class to go tell
her. And I was like stood behind her waiting for her to finish
talking, but she started walking backwards and she fell on top of me.
EOS And I was literally like tiny EOS when I was little and I was just
laid underneath her and this massive woman was like on top of me. But
she couldn’t get up EOS And people had to help her up and I just
thought like, ‘I could never live this down,’ EOS I wouldn’t ever
speak to her again she was so scary. Can you imagine it though, like
this massive woman like tipping over on top of you? EOS Just like a
turtle, not being able to get up EOS it’s like, ‘’. Did you ever used
to do show and tell at school, like EOS Er yeah we always used to. Erm
I don’t remember what I brought, I used to love it though. EOS I think
I w- in year six I remember bringing in my hamster EOS **inc** EOS
but, no I used to- and it was so strange cos everyone picked like-
brought in these interesting animals, and I brought in a bloody
hamster EOS aww EOS aww EOS The only interesting story was it tried to
escape once EOS The most boring pet life ever EOS aww EOS You were
only ever allowed that, weren’t you? You’ve not had anything else, pet
wise? EOS I’ve had a couple of goldfish from school fairs and stuff
EOS Nice! EOS I used to love our school fairs. They were really good.
EOS were they? EOS You used to have your little, erm, your sponge to
throw at your teachers and stuff. EOS yeah EOS did you? EOS Yeah did
you not have that? EOS no. EOS Oh you were from , they were probably
throwing rocks at teachers EOS Yeah but when you were a kid, no-one
could hit the teachers so it was a pretty safe bet of doing it, wasn’t
it? EOS sure EOS And sports day as well. EOS I loved sports day. EOS
and I remember the sports day that we had in , we used to have osprey,
eagle, hawk and kestrel little team- teams that you were in. EOS How
do you remember? EOS It was four birds it’s not hard EOS Well it
could’ve been pigeon or something EOS Why do you want pigeon as a team
it’s just EOS ‘I’ll go pigeon’ EOS No it’s like lots of different
types of birds, it’s kind of good to remember EOS Yeah it was it was
really fun though. EOS Did you ever used to have that erm- like the
two different buckets, one was filled with water and one wasn’t and
you used to have like containers with holes in EOS yeah EOS and you
had to like fill it up and run really quick, and fill it up cos it was
like leaking, and it was your team that erm- sorry and your team had
to get like the most water in the bucket, like the quickest or
something. EOS We were never that equipped as a school EOS Our school
was so bad it was unreal. EOS Really? EOS **inc**- EOS Did you ever
get into trouble for something at school? EOS Not rea- no EOS Were you
ever blamed- were you ever blamed for something that wasn’t your
fault? EOS Er I never really got into trouble in primary school, I
used to be like really good. And th- there’s a picture in the
reception, I’m not su- sure if it’s still there. And someone took a
picture of our class when we were in year one and everyone else was
like- like talking and laughing. And one of them- I remember one of
the guys, he was round the camera like doing tongue out like that at
the camera, EOS and I was there in the- EOS in the corner with my lip,
my finger against my lip and I was just like, EOS I used to sit like
that. I must’ve sat like that for about four years just like, ‘yes’
EOS proper goody two shows EOS I used to be scared of getting in
trouble I think. EOS aww EOS But I remember in year six when we had
erm, after the eleven plus and we got pay back time. And we got to do
like fun stuff outside. EOS mm EOS oh yeah EOS And didn’t do any
lessons. I remember we were- me and three other lads were talking, we
had to go and sit outside and do a bloody reading assessment. It was
so annoying and everyone else was sewing, as g- as sad as that sounds
EOS did you ever used to- we had to make these- our own little erm
pencil cases. EOS mm EOS And do the little sewing patterns on it, it
was really good. EOS well done EOS Thanks, I used to hate getting in
trouble though. EOS I remember when I got my first detention at . I
forged the signature- like the signature so me mum wouldn’t find out.
EOS I used to hate it. EOS What was your detention for? EOS Erm having
a naked pen in foundation studies. EOS You know the one that you’d
turn it round and the- the bikini costume comes off? EOS It was - it
was br- brother’s and he’d robbed it and brought it in. And me, and
used to sit in a three. EOS How old were you? EOS We were in year
seven, so like twelve EOS brought it in and me and were just like,
‘aargh!’ EOS staring at this pen. EOS And the teacher came up and was
like, ‘what’s that?’ And we were like, ‘nothing nothing!’ EOS And we
all had to stay- we had a a half an hour detention at dinner EOS aww
EOS Oh that’s awful. EOS It was EOS that’s so funny EOS I felt like a
badass after that though EOS Going round like nothing could touch me,
it was just, ‘I’ve got a detention, so what?’. Did you get in trouble?
EOS Er no cos like I said I was always a goody two shoes so when- EOS
Even at secondary school? EOS Even at secondary school. Ev- everyone
got like- you know like you used to get class detentions, for
everybody speaking? They always used to like pull me up at the end and
say, ‘don’t bother coming back for the detention at the end of the
day.’ I was like, ‘yes!’ EOS Bet everyone hated you EOS they did EOS
‘Get lost’ EOS ‘why isn’t Veronica here?’ and I was like, ‘well, I’m
good’ EOS and then er at primary school, whenever anyone used to get
in trouble and like need an alibi, erm, they always used to come to me
and say, ‘tell them that I didn’t do this,’ EOS ‘tell them I was
somewhere else.’ And I would be like- cos I was always cool with the
boys EOS and erm, there was this guy called and like you know like at
primary school you weren’t allowed to swear or anything? EOS And erm
he called a dinner lady something like a rude word EOS and- or like
threw rocks at her or something like that EOS And erm he came up to me
and he was like, ‘Veronica I’m going to get expelled you have to like,
lie for me.’ And I was like, ‘oh no but you’re a boy so okay.’ EOS And
I was like, ‘no he was here with me we were reading.’ And then like,
they completely believed me and then the teacher- well the dinner lady
got in trouble. EOS Got sacked yeah lying EOS she did for ma- for
making like allegations, but she was a horrible dinner lady anyway.
That was like the worst thing I ever did. EOS I remember our dinner
ladies we used to- there always used to be like the ty- the
stereotypical nasty one that they were always scared of EOS and then
there was a nice one as well that didn’t care EOS aww EOS just like-
oh and we used to have our wet day books. When it was raining outside
and we had to draw pictures inside it. EOS Really? EOS They were like
the most boring EOS lunchtimes of my life, cos we used to have- EOS I
loved drawing. EOS We used to have our- I think it was- we had an hour
and I think it got split into like when you were in year three and up,
you could- as soon as you’d finished you could go out. EOS And have
your dinner but when you were in like reception to year two you had to
wait ‘til half past EOS aww EOS before you could go out. And we used
to have to just draw in these books and it was so boring. It was
unreal EOS There’s only so many times I can draw stick men EOS or play
noughts and crosses with myself EOS With yourself? EOS yeah EOS erm,
can you remember a good story that your parents slash grandparents
used to tell you? EOS Not so much no. I don’t- no, er my granddad died
when I was younger EOS aww EOS so- I- like I said I can’t remember
anything from when I was younger anyway, so EOS And my nanna- she
doesn’t know what day it is, so EOS ooh EOS so not really, no. EOS
Aww. EOS There’s some interesting ones that you listen to when you’re
growing up but- nothing like major. EOS That sticks, yeah. EOS Yeah,
have you? EOS Not really interesting or good, it’s just-. EOS Do you-
do you remember when your granddad made everyone believe that he got
shot in the war? EOS That was what I was gonna say EOS oh right. EOS
why? EOS well, my n- like when they were in the war like my grandma
and granddad like, they were ov- over in Germany. EOS yeah EOS And er
my nanna actually did get shot and erm- a bomb exploded and the
shrapnel like went all in her skin and stuff. But she was okay,
survived, rah, rah, rah, but my granddad had a massive hole in his
neck and he told us all that erm, he’d been shot in the neck in the
war. EOS Erm told my mum, mum believed it for fifteen, twenty odd
years. However long it was and we believed it up un- like, up until a
couple of years ago. And he it just came out one day, saying like he
didn’t really get shot and had an operation. EOS I was like, ‘how can
you tell us our entire lives that you’d got shot and made us think
like you’re some hero,’ EOS yeah EOS and he just wasn’t. EOS He just
had like some an removed or something for whatever reason it was. EOS
You was gullible though EOS No but you should’ve- you’ve seen the
hole. Like- it’s like a good thumb like in to his neck. It’s weird.
EOS do you not think he would have died? EOS I- I- When you think
about it now, EOS but like you wouldn’t really doubt it if you’d been
told-. EOS Did your dad know that it wasn’t real? EOS Er I don’t know,
maybe. EOS My- my parents never used to play tr- tricks on me. I just
used to cry if they did . EOS You’re such a baby. EOS Stroppy kid EOS
I remember when we used to go to Macro and erm they used to have the
erm escalators that were flat. EOS mm EOS And obviously-. EOS Oh I
love those. EOS I remember- I never used to remember going erm, to the
airports when I was a kid and I u- I just used to run up and down and
up these escalators cos they were flat I was like, ‘yay!’ EOS But now
you see them at asda and they’re just annoying EOS Especially when
they say, ‘you’re approaching the landing Please take care!’ EOS ‘take
care!’ EOS yeah EOS Where else have you been on holiday then, is it
just France and stuff, or-. EOS When we were little we’ve been to-
used to travel France like I said, and er we’ve been to lots of
different places in Greece, erm America a couple of times, erm trying
to think. EOS I’d love to go to America. EOS It’s amazing the food’s
amazing, really EOS Why cos there’s just loads of it? EOS Yeah EOS mm,
yeah EOS pretty much! Like at breakfast you’d have like the proper
American pancakes, scrambled eggs, bit of crispy bacon, syrup, and
like you think , ‘how disgusting does that sound?’ It’s not. EOS They
must put something in there just to make you think it’s nice EOS but
it’s really nice and the burgers. Like when me and mum used to go when
we- when I was younger, to visit her brother, erm we just used to have
to share a meal because EOS yeah EOS I couldn’t physically eat one and
it was a waste of money and mum would never eat it all so we always
used to have to share, but erm EOS super large portion. EOS We used to
go to this place called er the Crab Bucket, or something, and you used
to just get like a massive bucket of unlimited crab claws. EOS oh God
EOS And that was amazing. EOS Oh it sounds it yeah EOS It was really
nice. EOS Was it like our KFC? EOS They have crab claws we’ve got
Kentucky fried chicken EOS No it was really good, what about you? EOS
Erm when I was younger I used to go to Majorca a couple of times but
then we gave up on that side of things EOS And got the caravan EOS And
then we used to go to Dorset and Cornwall and remember the trips to
Cornwall, were over like thirteen hours, just stuck in traffic
constantly EOS mm EOS Really? EOS That’s when dad decided to invest in
some erm DVD players for the back seats EOS so we wouldn’t get too
bored. EOS aww EOS Then he used to shout at us telling us to ‘turn it
down, it’s distracting him while his driving’ EOS And the classic, ‘if
you don’t shut up I’ll turn round!’ EOS Fifteen hours in. EOS and
then- and then later on we’ve ventured to France and that’s when I got
too tall for the caravan and got kicked outside into a tent. EOS Oh no
EOS On my own. That was the last straw I think I was like, ‘I’m not
going back.’ And then later on we went to- back to Spain I think, for
the last- Oh we went to as well in Lanzarote. EOS mm EOS Like a sports
complex. EOS Could not have a hot summer holiday like that though. EOS
No it wasn’t a summer holiday it was in April though, was in like
April, March for Easter holiday. EOS Yeah but th- wasn’t that your
main holiday? EOS No I don’t think so. EOS I’m sure it was EOS
Probably went caravanning after it. EOS Caravans. EOS No I used to be
sca- I used to hate like flying though. EOS mm EOS Cos like- like when
you’re going up and it like drops that bit, EOS yeah EOS when it’s
going up. EOS I love it. EOS Man it makes me stomach turn upside down.
Me mum’s always like ‘oh!’ the on- EOS the only one on the plane
that’s screaming EOS aww EOS I went round my auntie and uncle when
they took erm her daughter- their daughter and her husband and they
were filming her when my auntie, when she was taking off. EOS Oh my
god she looked like she was having a panic attack, like, white knuckle
ride gripping onto the- onto the side EOS ‘no’ EOS Just like head
straight back into the seat and it was like, ‘please don’t take off,
please don’t take off!’ it was so funny but it’s just weird it runs in
the family stuff like that. Like I won’t- I won’t go on
rollercoasters. EOS mm EOS That’s cos of your mum. EOS Unless- unless
there’s peer pressure on me EOS l- if- peer pressure’s the worst
thing, like when we went camping, I wouldn’t have gone into the lake
if no-one else did. EOS Really? EOS Mm, it was freezing . EOS Yeah, I
was really tempted to go in but I didn’t get enough peer pressure. EOS
I get- I- I always get scared of like erm when I’m swimming in the
sea, even when- EOS crabs? EOS no when it’s quite deep, like- I dunno
I just like picture getting dragged down by something EOS yeah, mm EOS
Like a shark or something. EOS Yeah. Even though I know it wouldn’t
happen. EOS I don’t like being out of my depths in the sea. EOS But I
don’t know why, it’s scary, when I can’t see the bottom it’s- EOS yeah
EOS freaks me out. EOS yeah EOS Like I used to be scared when we used
to go on the ferries to France, like if it crashed, and I was always
thinking, ‘well you’d die wouldn’t you? You wouldn’t be able to get
out.’ EOS aww EOS I was scared. EOS very negative. EOS It is. EOS It’s
me mum that EOS yeah EOS aww EOS And like if you go to like Greece or
somewhere, like the- the sea’s proper crystal clear, and you can see
everything. So it’s no too bad, c- EOS yeah EOS I remember when we
went to Bulgaria with the lads, the sea there was horrible. Like it
was really hot EOS mm EOS but it was just filled with jellyfish and
rubbish and- EOS eurgh EOS eurgh EOS you couldn’t really go in it. EOS
couldn’t you? EOS And it was all dirty and it was horrible. EOS mm EOS
So not a big fan of seas. Well I am but-. EOS ni- only nice ones. EOS
yeah EOS If it- yeah. EOS I don’t think I’d ever go in seas here, like
they must be so cold. EOS mm EOS Yeah the amount of just rubbish
that’s in it, it’s horrible. EOS eurgh sewage. EOS Y- you see little
scraggy kids just weeing in it don’t you EOS That is their toilet in
Blackpool it’s- it’s- EOS ‘do you need the toilet?’ EOS No, but like
everyone used to pee in the pool when they were a kid and stuff and
like-. EOS I didn’t. EOS Yes you did EOS First I’ve heard of it EOS I
don’t mean like ten year old kid, EOS I mean like smaller. EOS When
you were- when you were younger, I know. Just kidding, just kidding.
EOS right, erm- go on, EOS right, go on, what were you gonna say? EOS
I was gonna ask a question. EOS I was just gonna say- it doesn’t
matter, I- EOS I was just gonna carry on the conversation but ask me a
question, it’s okay. EOS I’ll answer it EOS Do you want me to ask- ask
you a question? Erm . EOS There’s- I- I w- I’m just gonna carry on
with my conversation EOS Like I hate how my mum and dad used to- well
my mum especially used to EOS ooh EOS make me scared of like, loads of
random things. Like rollercoasters and- EOS mm EOS sh- cos she was
always like, ‘don’t go near the edge you might die!’ EOS And when
you’re a kid you’re like, ‘will I?’ EOS And it kind of sticks with
you, doesn’t it, and like EOS yeah EOS yeah EOS subconsciously you
don’t realise it and then- EOS oh EOS Stupid cat EOS sorry EOS Are y-
are you not an animal lover then? EOS Oh I love animals, they just
don’t seem to love me. . EOS No er it’s completely different like, in
my family. Like- like, my mum was always scared but my dad was always
erm encouraging me. Like to go on rollercoasters and EOS mm EOS like
proper like, ‘seek the thrill’ EOS Which I still do now. EOS like I
remember when we went to ‘Go Ape’ in- first time we went to France. I
did the first one. But I remember getting stuck on like- there’s like
a skateboard EOS aww EOS and you have to attach yourself to the top of
it. And you got to make sure your karabiners are the right way round.
And I attached one of them the wrong way. EOS And I was sliding down
and li- I got like a quarter of the way across on this skateboard EOS
that was really loose, EOS I was holding on for dear life. And I
realised I couldn’t go any further cos one of my karabiners was stuck
round the other pieces of wire, EOS and I was like, ‘no!’ Like felt
like I was gonna die up there So I had to drag myself back and unhook
myself. And I think I was scared form then on. EOS Yeah. Like I
dragged you ‘go ape’ the other- like EOS yeah EOS couple of months ago
didn’t I? EOS Yeah. EOS Was it that scary then? EOS Yeah it was pretty
scary EOS I’m not gonna lie. I’m not a big fan- EOS traumatised. EOS
I’m not a big fan of heights EOS You’re not a big fan of anything. EOS
Well I am it’s just like heights, I just dunno- I know nothing’s ever
gonna happen but I just feel like, what if a big gust of wind comes
and like just **inc** EOS You’re like, attached. EOS I know I am, but,
no like when you took me it was- it’s one of those things where you
don’t want to do it but then, when you’ve done it you’re like ‘yeah,
let’s do it again, let’s do it again, let’s do it again!’ EOS Yeah, I
love those things. EOS But when you’re up there you’re like, ‘no no
please don’t!’ EOS it’s a horrible circle. EOS It’s funny like,
watching all the like the really girly girls go around and like
getting stuck. EOS Yeah. EOS And you just think- I’m always like,
‘just hurry up!’ EOS I get really restless. EOS I- in France we met
this erm- Mum and dad met this couple, and they had two kids of a
similar age to me and and erm we went with them to go ape. And it was
the one- the time when I got stuck on the skateboard. And this guy’s
dad had to get erm abseiled down by the people cos he was scared. EOS
Why? EOS He couldn’t do it he was scared of heights. EOS How
embarrassing. EOS And his little ten year old kid did it and he was-
he was like hugging this tree, waiting for the people to climb up
and-. EOS Aww. The man or the ten year old? EOS The man. R It was kind
of like, ‘see dad? I’m not a girl.’ EOS aww EOS aww bless. EOS And he
had to wait there for like half an hour while they got all the
equipment sorted up and stuff, and get carried down. EOS aww EOS Aww I
couldn’t do that, I’d rather just finish than have the shame of s- of
another full grown man carrying-. EOS E- everyone watching you, ‘ha
ha!’ EOS Exactly cos you’re keeping everyone else like up, cos you
can’t like cross people’s paths when you’re up there. EOS yeah EOS
Hmm, I know. EOS I’d be so annoyed. I’d be like, ‘hurry up!’ EOS Cos
you’re impatient though, that’s the thing isn’t it? EOS You g- just go
to think like- I don’t think- you just gotta- it’s weird, the
connotation of when you are- as a kid. How much it stays like that.
And that’s about it really, isn’t it? EOS Yeah. EOS Right